>> Jon Kuperman: The last
think is experiment, so
there's always really cool stuff going on
in the DevTools that they're working on.
So in order to get the experiments turned
on, you wanna go to About://flags.
And so these are all these
flags that you can turn on for
Chrome that can do dangerous things or
sometimes awesome things.
But the one we want is
developer tools experiments.
You turn that on, and
you'll have to restart your browser.
And as soon as your browser restarts,
you can then go to the dots and
go to settings, and
then see this cool experiments tab.
So there's like all these
things that they're working on.
These change pretty often.
Yeah, they might crash your computer or
whatever, but
you get a really cool idea of like what's
coming next in DevTools which is nice.
Custom UI themes, this is some
protocol monitors, really cool.
The super top secret tip is if
you then hit Shift seven times,
you get this super
secret experiments here.
So Blackbox, JavaScript frames,
all this kind of cool stuff.
Terminal in drawer,
this is something they've been working on.
It's like a full file system
terminal that would be in your,
right in your DevTools console.
It should be pretty cool.
Yeah, you can play with all these.
You can turn them on.
I've never had them crash or
anything like that.
I think it's less stable than the quality
you're used to from Chrome stable,
but it's still like really
high quality stuff.
So yeah, the experiments are really fun.
There's also Chrome Canary.
I'm not sure how many people use it,
but Chrome also publishes the Canary,
like a nightly build
version of their browser.
So you can just download
Google Chrome Canary.
That'll also have some pretty
cutting edge DevTools stuff in it.
Cool, where do we go from here?
I made, back on the activities here,
I made a resources panel.
So if we go look at that, I just kinda put
all the links that you might want that I
linked through throughout the slides.
Where the slides are, a cool website
on page jank, the code repository,
the DevTools docs, some people to
follow that tweet a lot about DevTools.
All that kind of stuff,
and that wraps it up.
For anybody that's interested,
I always offer at the end of these
workshops that we could audit websites.
If anybody has any that are online and
they want audited,
we can go through that together.
But other than that, yeah.
Thank you all very much for coming out,
and let me know if you have any questions.